add doc for ServiceNodePortStaticSubrange (#39850)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

      nodePort: 30007
```

#### Reserve Nodeport Ranges to avoid collisions when port assigning 

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="alpha" >}}

> NodePort's port assignment policy exists for both dynamic auto-assignment and manual assignment by the user. When a user wishes to create a NodePort for a specific port, it may conflict with an already automatically assigned port. To solve this problem, you can turning featuregate `ServiceNodePortStaticSubrange`, which allows you to use a different port allocation strategy for NodePort-type Services, and reducing the risk of collision. The port range for `NodePort` will be divided, and dynamic port assignment will use the upper band by default, once this has been exhausted it will use the lower range. This will allow users to use static allocations on the lower band with a low risk of collision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy for assigning ports to NodePort services applies to both the auto-assignment
the manual assignment scenarios. When a user wants to create a NodePort service that
uses a specific port, the target port may conflict with another port that has already been assigned.
In this case, you can enable the feature gate `ServiceNodePortStaticSubrange`, which allows you
to use a different port allocation strategy for NodePort Services. The port range for NodePort services
is divided into two bands. Dynamic port assignment uses the upper band by default, and it may use
the lower band once the upper band has been exhausted. Users can then allocate from the lower band
with a lower risk of port collision.
```

Author: ❤️ really appreciate your help!   It's done.
